[[content]]
Do you remember the
https://www.icij.org/investigations/pandora-papers/[Pandora Papers] -
the latest leak from the International Consortium of Investigative
Journalists (ICIJ)? As you know, the ICIJ uses Neo4j to find the hidden
connections in the vast numbers of files and data. They have now made
the first data-release of that leak available and Michael Hunger dove
right in. +
Furthermore, this week is completely decked out with Data Science
topics. We are exploring Knowledge Graphs with Named Entity Recognition
or text analyse Electronic Health Records. In addition to these two
great articles we invite you to watch Clair's Video this week about
Graph Embeddings. +
 +
Enjoy this week's edition of Twin4j. +
Andreas & Alexander

[[featured-community-member]]
== Featured Community Member: Ashleigh N. Faith

 +

image:https://dist.neo4j.com/wp-content/uploads/20211209023256/this-week-in-neo4j-11-December-2021.jpeg[Ashleigh
N. Faith - This Week’s Featured Community Member,width=800,height=400]

*Ashleigh N. Faith - This Week's Featured Community Member*

Ashleigh specializes in multilingual search and behavioral analytics,
focused on semantics, interoperability, and natural language, and
realized through ontologies and knowledge graph. Her domain focus is
STEM subject matter -particularly in transportation, mechanical,
medical, and electrical engineering technology, but I have worked on
eCommerce, Business Intelligence, and Network Analysis data as well. She
is an active member of the community and striving to educate others of
the value, power, and importance of knowledge graphs. For this she was
awarded the
https://neo4j.com/blog/the-results-are-in-here-are-this-years-graphie-award-winners/[Neo4j
Graphie Award 2021]

Watch Ashleigh's videos on Youtube:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rrYguolqZc[Chatting with David Meza,
NASA]
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkrCXF2BZ3Y[Neo4j Technology Showcase]
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfQ155oH3PY&list=PLOOT2byx0CKjwirg4UNdjxtwZCMtvNikH[Knowledge
Graph Playlist] - find out if you are in need of a knowledge graph

Thanks a lot for all your great videos and your work for the graph
community.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleighnfaith/[Connect with Ashleigh on
LinkedIn]

[[features-1]]
== Digging Into the ICIJ Pandora Papers Dataset with Neo4j

 +

image:https://dist.neo4j.com/wp-content/uploads/20211207111752/Michael_1.gif[Digging
Into the ICIJ Pandora Papers Dataset with Neo4j,width=150]

Just a few days ago, the Pulitzer Award winning International Consortium
of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) published the first data-release of
the recent Pandora Papers investigation. This time the data publication
was not split across the different investigations but contains the full
offshoreleaks database in one dataset, so you can explore the data of
shell companies, law firms, banks, and ultimate owners across all leaks
and investigations. Dive into the data with Michael Hunger and find out
how officers are related with Entities, Intermediaries and Shell
Companies.

https://neo4j.com/developer-blog/digging-into-the-icij-pandora-papers-dataset-with-neo4j/[Read
the Article]

[[features-2]]
== How to Build a Knowledge Graph with Neo4J and Transformers

 +

image:https://miro.medium.com/max/984/1*WeVWx0L55N859fwYQXZaQQ.png[Knowledge
Graph with Neo4J and Transformers,width=150]

Learn from Walid Amamou about how to build a knowledge graph from job
descriptions using fine-tuned transformer-based Named Entity Recognition
(NER) and spacy's relation extraction models. The method described here
can be used in many different fields such as biomedical, finance,
healthcare and beyond.

https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-build-a-knowledge-graph-with-neo4j-and-transformers-72b9471d6969/[Read
the Article]

[[features-3]]
== Exploring Electronic Health Records with MedCAT and Neo4j

 +

image:https://miro.medium.com/max/1050/1*KZoYydORORS6dUfPN0MGNA.png[Exploring
Electronic Health Records with MedCAT and Neo4j,width=150]

Zeljko gives a hands-on tutorial on making biomedical concepts extracted
from free text easily accessible to clinicians and researchers.
Biomedical NER+L is concerned with extracting concepts from free text
found in Electronic Health Records (EHRs) and linking them to large
biomedical databases like SNOMED-CT and UMLS. In this post, Zeljko
focuses on what to do once concepts are extracted from free text, in
other words, how to make them useful to clinicians and other
researchers.

https://towardsdatascience.com/exploring-electronic-health-records-with-medcat-and-neo4j-f376c03d8eef[Read
the Article]

[[features-4]]
== Bite-Sized Neo4j for Data Scientists

 +

image:https://dist.neo4j.com/wp-content/uploads/20211209030438/2021-12-11-clairplaylist.png[Neo4j
for Data Scientists,width=150]

Clair Sullivan has added more videos to her great Youtube Playlist with
short overview videos for Data Scientists. Her recent addition is
already episode 17 and here she goes into
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNE-Ctl52hw&list=PL9Hl4pk2FsvVShoT5EysHcrs-hyCsXaWC&index=17["Creating
FastRP Graph Embeddings"].

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9Hl4pk2FsvVShoT5EysHcrs-hyCsXaWC[Watch
the Playlist]

[[features-5]]
== Neo4j Graphies 2021

 +

image:https://dist.neo4j.com/wp-content/uploads/20211201012317/Graphie-blog.png[Graphie
blog,width=150]

We’re thrilled to announce this year’s Graphie Award winners! This
annual celebration honors people, projects, and companies from all
around the world for excellence in the connected data space.

https://neo4j.com/blog/the-results-are-in-here-are-this-years-graphie-award-winners/[Read
the Article]

[[_tweet_of_the_week]]
== Tweet of the Week

 +

My favorite tweet this week was by https://twitter.com/kaerumy/[Khairil
Yusof]:

____
It takes a lot of people to move and steal billions of dollars for 1MDB,
and many more to look the other way Edra Global Energy, TRX, Tabung
Haji, BNM, LTAT etc. Najib Razak didn't do it alone, and the corrupt
system that allowed it to happen is still in place.
https://t.co/3Zcutj4dt4[pic.twitter.com/3Zcutj4dt4]

— Khairil Yusof (@kaerumy)
https://twitter.com/kaerumy/status/1468463196461682697?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw[December
8, 2021]
____

Don’t forget to RT if you liked it too!
